We lost some of the pieces when we tried to make up our own rules that included trying to hit each other with the tokens.

"The plain leotards were too boring and we wanted to make them more fun. When we got to class we were told they weren’t practical to dance in because we’d get glitter everywhere, but that was kind of the point."

"Oh god, the remnants of our “mix everything together” game. Whenever we had a sleepover we would sneak upstairs late at night and mix as many things from the fridge together. I was too scared to try it, but she always did."

“They’re green”

We’ve been writing a story together - I love the way that our characters interact sometimes.

"Seeing our characters drawn out makes the world we’re making together seem even more real."

Game Console with two controllers - She had to bring over a second controller so we could play together, but now she just leaves it here.
 
"I miss our sleepovers. I wish she would tell me what’s going on."

"They’re supposed to help, but I don’t know if they’re actually doing anything yet."

"Our characters don’t interact like they used to. Lately they aren’t even on the same page."


It’s starting to pile up, but it’s really hard to care. It’s not like anyone but me comes down here anymore anyways.

"I’ve been reusing these for awhile. I should wash them, but what’s the point?"

"It doesn’t matter if they’re green."

"I finally found some of the missing pieces from that board game we used to play. Not that it matters now."

"I don’t even have the energy to play games by myself anymore, let alone to have someone over and play them. It just sounds exhausting."

Most of the time I don’t even feel like writing anymore.

I’m really behind, but I just can’t bring myself to care.

"I should throw this away. I’m no good at dancing anyway. I can’t keep up with everyone else."


At least it’s a little easier to keep up with everything I have to do now.

At least it’s a little easier to keep up with everything I have to do now.
