We lost some of the pieces when we tried to make up our own rules that included trying to hit each other with the tokens.

"The plain leotards were too boring and we wanted to make them more fun. When we got to class we were told they weren’t practical to dance in because we’d get glitter everywhere, but that was kind of the point."

"Oh god, the remnants of our “mix everything together” game. Whenever we had a sleepover we would sneak upstairs late at night and mix as many things from the fridge together. I was too scared to try it, but she always did."

“They’re green”

We’ve been writing a story together - I love the way that our characters interact sometimes.

"Seeing our characters drawn out makes the world we’re making together seem even more real."

Game Console with two controllers - She had to bring over a second controller so we could play together, but now she just leaves it here.
 
"I miss our sleepovers. I wish she would tell me what’s going on."

"They’re supposed to help, but I don’t know if they’re actually doing anything yet."

"Our characters don’t interact like they used to. Lately they aren’t even on the same page."


It’s starting to pile up, but it’s really hard to care. It’s not like anyone but me comes down here anymore anyways.

"I’ve been reusing these for awhile. I should wash them, but what’s the point?"

"It doesn’t matter if they’re green."

"I finally found some of the missing pieces from that board game we used to play. Not that it matters now."

"I don’t even have the energy to play games by myself anymore, let alone to have someone over and play them. It just sounds exhausting."

Most of the time I don’t even feel like writing anymore.

I’m really behind, but I just can’t bring myself to care.

"I should throw this away. I’m no good at dancing anyway. I can’t keep up with everyone else."


At least it’s a little easier to keep up with everything I have to do now.

At least it’s a little easier to keep up with everything I have to do now.

The safety of childhood innocence is that you never have to think if the kid next door is your friend. The other kids in your class are your friends so long as they’ll play with you at recess. When does that change? For me, it was fourth grade when I started to realize some of the other kids were really stand offish. They didn’t want to play. By fifth, well, I felt alone.

During recess I try to grab anyone I can to play with and, when that failed, the books didn’t. I think the school librarian knew what was going on. She let me check out ten books or more a week.

I met her when we were dragged into a dance class by our moms. We didn’t even like it. The other girls were all in their cliques by the 2nd day. We were in 5th grade and here are these girls trying to grow up and be in highschool. We just laughed at them.

Writing is like flying. I thought reading was a good escape but… There is something so satisfying about her pushing me into a dilemma that I have to mental gymnastics my character out of it in a believable way without them dying.

I wish I could actually control water… or would fire be cooler? Can I do both?!

Just for the record, you can travel with a full backpack and a big pillow on a bike.

Computer: How much blood is in the human body and how much time does it take for someone to bleed out? Shoot, I can’t leave that in my history!

She’s going to summer camp with her other friend. That just takes time out of our summer!! I’ll find something to do.

One day we won’t have to go back and forth between houses. We can just be roommates!

We’re finally in the same school!! High school should be great. Maybe we’ll have classes together and we can hang out more during the school year. 

She has way more friends than me. I’m busy with homework and clubs and this boyfriend monopolizes my weekends. I have to do better.

How can I put my feelings into words? Sometimes things I want to say get so jumbled into my brain, a mix of thoughts, feelings, colors and sound. Better to say nothing, than get misinterpreted.

Turn up the radio, maybe the music can tell everyone what I’m feeling for me? 

Sharing her is hard, but she doesn’t seem to have any issue hanging out with me with either my other friends or her other friends… what is wrong with me? Am I too clingy? I have no right to want her to myself. She shines too bright for me to keep just for me. That’s not fair.

When you move away, things change. People shift. College was…. Fun in the beginning. She taught me confidence. I went in with the mentality that I would just be, completely unfiltered and unapologetic about it. ...then….Something…. Happened…. Is it possible for humans to break?

I didn’t cry when boyfriends and I broke up. No. But I cried over her.

Who sends a friend break-up over text?

We had a sleepover again. She woke up and didn’t seem to know where she was. She was trying to pull her hair out, curl up in a ball and run away all at once. It was the most scared I have ever been around her. For a moment, I couldn’t see my best friend in there. The lights weren’t even on.

Pill Bottle: FUCK THESE THINGS! I DON’T NEED THEM! *pill bottle disappears from scene*

Dishes: Ugh…. either I’m eating nothing or everything in sight. I…. I can’t help it. 

Couch bed: I have a love-hate relationship with this couch. Everything is hard and I feel safe on it. But I can’t sleep at night and I’m always tired. I used to have so much energy. Now I have headaches everyday.

Notebook: I’m an escapist. This is something I’ve always known and while it used to be into books and writing… I think I misstepped.

My roommate at school gets invited to all of the frat parties and knows enough upperclassmen to easily get alcohol. I told myself I wouldn’t ever try any other drugs, cuz of those stupid prescriptions… yet here I am smoking anything that isn’t a cigarette.

Hell, I’ve been out with this new guy a few times and… the fucker has a girlfriend. I’m not okay with that! I’m Not! So why was I letting him still hang around?! What the fuck am I doing? That isn’t something in my character.

I can’t stop lying. I only lie so people think I’m okay. I don’t want anyone to be angry or disappointed…. Except I suck at lying so that’s a catch-22 isn't it?! Maybe that’s why she’s gone….

Can you die from taking too much antihistamine?

Everything is my fault.

I’m a failure.

I miss her. It hits me randomly. Listening to certain songs or seeing things that remind me of her or something she’d like. Sometimes I shoot her a picture or text anyway. Sometimes I get a response. Most of the time I don’t.

Wait. Shit! She’d be really mad if I did die. Alright. You only took two. You should be okay.

I called her. She still had some of my things. I did that as a kid, so I would always have an excuse to go to her home if my family was being crazy. Plus I still had her game system. I think… It might be okay.

My characters feel alive again in my head, already buzzing with ideas. Maybe one day we can write again but for now, I don’t feel comfortable enough. I need time.

It isn’t picking right back up where we left off but perhaps we can move on from this. 

 Fine, I’ll take the damn things now.

  I offered her some jawbreakers the other day. I got an eye roll. Some inside jokes don’t age well.

Even with her own issues in life, she is still someone I look up to. She is ferocity, wisdom and impeccability with a joy that can light my world. She’s my best friend.

Everything is in the box? Good! Next stage of the journey, Roomies!

I still had some of her things… but I can’t face her. Not after she continued to friend break up with me through text or social media. I dropped her things off at her parents. If I never get my things back… that’s okay. I’ve made peace with that.

I miss her. I feel numb. I go to work, I come home… I have a few other people I hang out with, but life feels like it is in black and white.

I fucked up! I know that. But it wasn’t all my fault was it?

Is that everything already? Well… my partner is waiting. I have a feeling She would tell me it is a bad idea to move in with a girlfriend so soon into a relationship. Let’s get out of here.
